# Spam_Classifier

<h1>Introduction</h1>
<p align="justify">Nowadays, spam detection is one of the major applications of Machine Learning. As an example, email service providers use this technique to detect spam email (Junk mail) and prevent them to be accessed in male box. Like email services, we can use spam detection technique for analyzing short message service (SMS) as well. Before getting into the project, let us first define what is a spam message. They are unwanted or unexpected messages that shown up in user cell phone. Normally, they are not only annoying, but also can be dangerous too. For instance, they can contain some links that lead to phishing web sites or similarly websites that are hosting malware. Since the spam messages are sent from unknown phone numbers, they are trying to be more eye-catching than usual messages. For example, it is likely to have words such as win, chance, prize and so on. To detect spam messages, we can take advantage of supervised machine learning algorithms if we have enough labeled dataset. <br>
In this project, we design a machine learning model that can efficiently predict if a text message is spam or not. In the following section, the detail of dataset is presented. Finally, this project is implemented in form of a machine learning web applications. So, any user can <a href="/test_spam" class='run_project'style="font-weight: bold;font-style: italic;font-size: 15px;">run this project for a given message.</a></p><br>
More details is provided in my personal website at http://tednaseri.pythonanywhere.com/spam_classifier</p>
